.TH "qtsu" "1" "0.2.0" "K.D.Hedger" "Admin"
.SH "NAME"
QtSu - Run a command as another user.
.br

.SH "SYNTAX"
qtsu [OPTION] [--] \fBcommand\fR
.br

.SH "DESCRIPTION"
A simple GUI written in Qt5/6 that allows you to run a program as root.
.br

.SH "OPTIONS"
-u, --user \fIUSER\fR
.br
	Runs the command as the given user
.br
-m, --message \fIMESG\fR
.br
	Change default message in ktsuss window
.br
.SH "EXAMPLES"
Simple usage:
.br
     qtsu terminal.
.br

If you need to add options use -- like so:
.br
     qtsu -u root -- terminal --hold -x ls -AF /
.br

.SH "EXIT STATUS"
The qtsuwrap helper program which actuall does all the work of changing permissions etc will abort with these error codes on failure:
.br

\fBNOSHADOWUSER\fR = 255
.br
	No shadow passwd entry for that user.
.br
	
.br
\fBCANTDROPPRIVS\fR = 254
.br
	Can't drop the priviliges for some reason.
.br

\fBNOXAUTHBIN\fR = 253
.br
	Can't find the xauth binary in either /usr/bin or /usr/X11R6/bin, see your admin for help.
.br

\fBNOCLEANENV\fR = 252
.br
	Can't sanitize the envrionment for some reason.
.br

\fBCANTCHDIR\fR = 251
.br
	Can't change to the users home or to '/'.
.br

\fBBADPASSWD\fR = 250
.br
	Password incorrect.
.br

\fBCANTMAKETMPDIR\fR = 249
.br
	Can't create tempory folder for Xauthority file.
.br

\fBCANTMAKEXAUTHFILE\fR = 248
.br
	Can't create a new .Xauthority file.
.br

If all goes well the exit status is the exit status of the su'ed program.
.br
.SH "AUTHORS"
keithdhedger@gmail.com
.br
Bugs etc to the above email address.
.br
